add a note on how to reset default Cloud password (#9123)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/reference/running/deployment/note_cloud_reset_password.rst

.. note:: Gel Cloud: Reset the default password for the admin role

>     If you want to dump an existing Gel Cloud instance, you will need to change the automatically generated password for the standard admin role - ``edgedb`` or ``admin``. To do this, execute the following query in the instance:

Reviewer: Does the password need to be changed to the one used in the dump?

Reviewer: I guess it should also call out that the admin user must be the same as the dump too.

.. note:: Gel Cloud: Reset the default password for the admin role

    If you want to dump an existing Gel Cloud instance and restore it to a new self-managed instance, you need to change the automatically generated password for the default admin role - ``edgedb`` or ``admin``.

>     The administrator role name and its password used in the dump/restore process must be the same in both the Cloud and self-managed instances for the Gel tooling to continue functioning properly.

Reviewer: This is a bit nit picky. Seems like the documentation should be applicable more broadly than just the cloud.

```suggestion
    The administrator role name and its password used in the dump/restore process must be the same in both the instance dumped from and the instance restored to for the Gel tooling to continue functioning properly.
```
